GRTPyFramework
==============

GRTFramework for Python, for event-based robotics programming.

Introduction:
=============

Beyond basic framework and abstractions, GRTPyFramework provides a method by which more sophisticated logic and
abstractions can be developed, provided a particular code structure is followed in line with design methodology.

Details:
========

User code is split into two parts: mechanisms, and controllers.

Mechanisms:
-----------

Mechanisms are collections of sensors and actuators that represent a specific robot assembly, providing an API by which
that assembly can be controlled globally, as opposed to in terms of its individual parts. Mechanisms should not operate
on their own, simply translating abstract commands into specific hardware directives. Mechanisms may be nested, and also
may provide closed loop operation (limit switch logic, etc.)

Controllers:
------------

Controllers are governing objects that provide instructions for the various mechanisms on a robot. A controller contains
the logic necessary to tell a mechanism what to do. A controller may operate over one or more mechanisms,
defining the logic by which each assembly is used. Controllers may be fully autonomous or draw on sensor or user
feedback to command Mechanisms in the appropriate way. As a matter of abstraction, Controllers should never have direct
access to Sensors or Actuators. Mechanism controllers, drive controllers, and macros are the different types of
controllers.

Flow Diagram:

    Controller (Mechanism controller, drive controller, macro)
       |
       '--- Mechanism
                   |
                   |--- Actuator(s)
                   '--- Sensor(s)

Sensor Feedback
---------------

#### Sensors:

Sensors help the robot to sense its state and environment. For example, a potentiometer may be used to determine the
rotation undergone by an axle (robot state), while a distance sensor may be used to sense the robot's location in
relation to a field (environment).

Sensors have listeners; listeners are methods that are called whenever a sensor's state changes. When a listener is
called, some statements are executed. For example, a joystick listener (see mechcontroller.py) would be called whenever
a joystick state changes; when a button is pressed. The joystick listener would execute different commands depending on
the id of the button that is pressed.


Macros
------
A macro is a fundamental action that can be executed autonomously by the robot, more accurately and more reliably than
a human driver. For example, driving forward an exact distance, or turning by a certain angle. These two macros come
built in, along with macros for executing other macros sequentially, concurrently, and conditionally. Macros can take in
mechanisms and sensors as parameters, as they will make mechanisms do certain things based on sensor inputs.

Autonomous
----------
Different autonomous modes can be created in the autonomous module as instances of AutonomousMode. If an autonomous mode
is a sequence of macros, it will be implemented as an instance of MacroSequence (A subclass of AutonomousMode
specifically for executing macros.)

Booting the cRIO
----------------
When the cRIO is rebooted, it goes through a loop in which code is loaded (See boot.py).

========================================================================================================================

Getting Started:
----------------

You have access to the wpilib documentation for motors, pneumatics, and other actuators. GRTPyFramework provides wrapper
classes for sensors. You will need to first ensure that the drivetrain code is correct (number of motors, and the
direction in which they turn). Then define your mechanism classes (ex: pickup, shooter) with the appropriate actuators
and sensors involved. Then for autonomy, define some macros similar to drive and turn (ex: shoot, pickup, etc.). These
can then be used in different autonomous modes that you can also define.

